# RGB Color Palette

Basic JavaScript (JS) based RGB Color Palette Generator. Simple to use.

First click either the Main or Secondary block, the move the sliders for the respective color. First slider represent Red, second slider represent Green and last Blue.

There are five color blocks which original RGB color value is:

```js
rgb(128,128,128);
```

When moving the sliders this values will change as soon as you let go of the mouse or sliding action.

The block order is as follow:

1. Main Color
2. Alternative (Secondary) Color
3. Color Mixer
4. Main Complementary Color
5. Alternate Complementary Color

## Performing Palette

*__First Step:__*<br>By default, the Main Color block is highlighted, move the color slider until you are satisfied with the color generated by the combination of each color (R G B). Once you are done, click the second color block to select it, the block is selected when a cyan border is around it.

*__Second Step:__*<br>Once the second block is selected follow the first step. The third, fourth and fifth block will be automatically adjusted with `rgb()` background values.

*__Third Step:__*<br>The values used by the application are populated in the fields below the color blocks. For now, copy and paste each value.

## Future Implementations

In the future I will be adding other functionalities as saving palettes, alternative combinations, tertiary colors, etc...

# How to run the application

The application is build with Node.js, if you do not have `node` install in your system, download it from the [Node.js official website](https://nodejs.org/). Download and install the LTS version.

```s
$ ~/ npm --version
```

Once it is install, navigate to where the repository is located and install this application as follow:

```s
$ cd /location/of/repository/rgb-palette/
$ /location/of/repository/rgb-palette/> npm install
```
Press enter, all required dependencies will be installed. If installation is successful run the following statement.
```s
$ /location/of/repository/rgb-palette/> npm run start
```
If successful you should see
```shell
> rgb-palette@1.0.0 start /location/of/repository/rgb-palette/
> node bin/app.js

Server is up in port 3000
```
Open your browser and browse to
```s
localhost:3000
```
or
```s
http://localhost:3000
```
___

## Would you like to help?

If you would like to contribute you can initialize the web server by using the `dev` format, which will run `node` using the [`nodemon`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon) dependency.
```s
npm run dev
```
`nodemon` is a very effective tool when developing with Node.js, because allows you to make changes to the code and the server is refreshed or restarted automatically after every specific file types have been saved.

I will be reviewing pull requests from time to time. Please be very specific when describing what you are trying to accomplish and what other ideas you might want to add.

---

Hope you enjoy it. Happy Coding, Happy Developing